About – KT Informatik
Toggle navigation
Home
Services
AI & Business Automation
Cyber Security & Cloud Base
Data Analysis & Prediction
Software & Mobile Solution
IoT & Digital Engineering
IT & Business Consultation
About
Industries
Contact
About
About Us
We're building the tools you need
Started connecting dots at the beginning of 2022. As an IT Consulting Farm, we started gaining our customer trust by providing them with the best solution they can get. We are proud of our  experienced workforce. The Company started with the vision of two dreamers. We started in a small basement of a Canadian House with tech brains from both Canada and Bangladesh. We have a simple motto to help our clients to grow so that we can shine. We are happy to help you too.
2022
Year we were founded
2
Partner Organization
2
Office Location
3
Countries using our products
Our approach
Results oriented
Here, at KT Informatik, we set goals and work accordingly. We love to make small plans and execute them weekly to get instant results. But we live with a big goal to achieve.
Find out more
The human element
We are excited about our experienced team members. Our leaders have years of experience and leading different renowned companies.  With their vision, our team makes things easy.
Meet the team
Our Mission
By empowering people and communities through our actions and what we do together, we make a positive impact beyond our own business and those of our clients
Trusted by
Previous
Next
Ready to take your idea to the next level?
Contact Us
About Us Started connecting dots in the beginning of  2022. As an IT Consulting Farm we started gaining our customer trust by providing them the best solution they can get. We are proud of our experienced workforce. The Company started with the vision of two dreamer. We started in a small basement of a Canadian House with the tech brains from both Canada and Bangladesh. We have a simple motto to help our clients to grow so that we can shine. We are happy to help you too.
CompanyAbout Us
Contact
Terms & Condition
Privacy Policy
ServicesAI & Business Automation
Cyber Security & Cloud Base
Data Analysis & Prediction
IoT & Digital Engineering
IT & Business Consultation
Software & Mobile Solution
ResourcesBlog
Career
Media
Contact Info
contact@ktinformatik.com+1 (343) 700-0633Unit-20, 2169 Elmira Dr. Ottawa, Canada
Socialize
KT Informatik © 2023