KT Informatik – Consultation Service:
AI & Business Automation
Cyber Security & Cloud Base
Data Analysis & Prediction
Software & Mobile Solution
IoT & Digital Engineering
IT & Business Consultation
We’re building on the belief to contribute to your growth.
We work with latest technology to keep you ahead in the race

Belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture. And we help you to build the belief
Find out more
Today never feels like it will be history, but it will. And more likely than not, you will look back and realize that you should have known.
Find out more
We know market with data, And you know with experience. Together we can create unbeatable organization.
Find out more
We Know what matters most:
Keep yourself secure and protected, effortlessly
When you know what is coming in the future. You will be more than ready with our insights. We guaranteed success in knowing the future. We also provide the custom solutions that your business suits more.
Know Better Insights
Ready with your product
Learn More
Partner in Growth:
How we ensure your growth
You know better what you need. And we know how to fulfill your needs. We bring all the possible way to help yoy
AI & Software Tools
Human Resources
Protecting Data
Business Privacy
Software Developemnt
IOT & Digital Engineering
Cyber Security
Learn More
Always Ahead
Be ahead with our pre-researched information
We have a filtered and continuous flow of data from different markets and sources. So we already know where you can shine. Before you start don't forget to get an idea about your field.
We are collecting and storing Data everyday
We created our own solution to capture information
We know the geography and userbase
We are covering Canada and Bangladesh area mapping
Multi Age User information with there need and liking
Get Started
What we do
How we keep you ahead
We know the importance of being ahead of market. So we have all you need to win
IT & Business Consultation
Data Analysis & Prediction
Software & Mobile Solution
Cyber Security & Cloud  Base
AI & Business Automation
IoT & Digital Engineering
Testimonials
“We are happy to receive help from KT Informatik. They helped us from the initial market analysis to capture user base. Not but the least we are enjoying the software solution They Provided us. ”
Rashedul Haider Choudhury
CEO, Strenna Inc.
“When we contacted KT Informatik, when we needed an accounting and inventory application badly to grow our business. They took immediate action and had our systems online within a short time. They also built our front facing Website ”
Zahedul Islam
Co Founder, SSFB
“The Insights we received from KT Informatik experts were not only helpful but also game-changing decisions. We did not know that we have this much essential data.”
Iqbal Hossain
Business Owner, Amazon FBA
Ready to level up your business? Reach out.
Contact Us
About Us Started connecting dots in the beginning of  2022. As an IT Consulting Farm we started gaining our customer trust by providing them the best solution they can get. We are proud of our experienced workforce. The Company started with the vision of two dreamer. We started in a small basement of a Canadian House with the tech brains from both Canada and Bangladesh. We have a simple motto to help our clients to grow so that we can shine. We are happy to help you too.
CompanyAbout Us
Contact
Terms & Condition
Privacy Policy
ServicesAI & Business Automation
Cyber Security & Cloud Base
Data Analysis & Prediction
IoT & Digital Engineering
IT & Business Consultation
Software & Mobile Solution
ResourcesBlog
Career
Media
Contact Info
contact@ktinformatik.com+1 (343) 700-0633Unit-20, 2169 Elmira Dr. Ottawa, Canada
Socialize
KT Informatik © 2023